we guys with the head
hi sexy what brings you down here today
you're going to ride a batch in the
column honey I gotta find out what's
know can I come in
should we neck out my home
what kind of perfume was that maiden
lady aunt of mine just visited San
Francisco box of incense from China
don't inhale it too far
that's buzzing yet they sound like they
rehearsed in separate buildings
how have you been joy to your landing
expect Friday I have to work I like to
show each night how should I be
how's your psychosis today I I just came
up for a little gin and sympathy and to
find out who sent you Orlando statue she
had in a dressing room a few weeks ago I
didn't see her
what statue a dame few clothes on
besides that she was practically nude
you must have seen it you animal you see
everything so alright I'm a liar buddy I
didn't see it so important about a
statue anybody I wish I knew
and I'd give a big red apple and oh who
sent it to her well why don't you ask
her or is that too simple I get the same
lines from her I get from you she never
heard of it
listen Joanne give me the dope what's
this Indian sign Green has over you're
asking me for all I know the way he
looks after her you think a bosom with
something unique I thought you and your
Lander were real true blue chums
I'm chums with everybody who works for
me interview over sorry girls
I didn't realize it was just t4 - don't
call us we'll call you